fuzz: replace `cfg(fuzzing)` weth `cfg(bitcoin-hashes-fuzz)`. (#1821)
rust-bitcoin/rust-bitcoin: fuzz/README.md

and then run fuzz.sh as above.

# Fuzzing with weak cryptography

You may wish to replace the hashing and signing code with broken crypto,

> which will be faster and enable the fuzzer to do other-wise impossible

Reviewer: > other-wise

Never seen it written like this, always "otherwise", is this correct?

Author: I'm not sure what I was thinking here :). Yeah, the dash shouldn't be there.

Reviewer 2: ROFL, a whole bunch of times over the last few years when reading your writing @apoelstra I've thought "damn this guy knows his English", this slip up "other-wise" made me hold my stomach laughing - so glad its not only me that does shit like this :)

things such as forging signatures or finding preimages to hashes.

> Doing so may result in spurious bug reports since the broken crypto does
> not respect the encoding or algebraic invariants as the real crypto. We

Reviewer 2: This sentence reads a bit clunky, perhaps

```suggestion
Doing so may result in spurious bug reports since the broken crypto does
not respect the encoding or algebraic invariants upheld by the real crypto. We
```

Author: Sure

would like to improve this but it's a nontrivial problem -- though not
beyond the abilities of a motivated student with a few months of time.
Please let us know if you are interested in taking this on!

Meanwhile, to use the broken crypto, simply compile (and run the fuzzing
scripts) with

>     RUSTFLAGS="--cfg=bitcoin_hashes_fuzz --cfg=secp256k1_fuzz"

Reviewer 2: This line is wrong mate, https://github.com/rust-bitcoin/rust-secp256k1/pull/608/files uses `sec256k1_fuzzing`, we should pick either `_fuzz` or `_fuzzing`.

Author: Heh, oops :) I'll change the other PR to use `_fuzz`.

which will replace the hashing library with broken hashes, and the
secp256k1 library with broken cryptography.

> Needless to say, NEVER COMPILE REAL CODE WITH THESE FLAGS because if a

Reviewer: Maybe the name should contain `broken_crypto` But this is probably sufficiently obscure without it so people are unlikely enable it by acident

Author: I think so. And `fuzz` should also be discouraging since it tells the user what this flag is for, and implicitly that they don't need to even think about it if they're not doing fuzzing.

can test this directly by editing the `duplicate_crash` test to copy/paste the
hex output into the call to `extend_vec_from_hex`. Then run the test with

>     cargo test

Reviewer: Is this removed because of spurious bug reports?

Author: It's removed because now you have to take action to set your RUSTFLAGS. Before you had to know that honggfuzz was setting this flag, that our code would behave differently because of it, and that you need to set it manually for `cargo test` to reproduce failures.

Reviewer: Oh, I understand now. OK.
